Ensure that node_id can refer to Canary or Canarytoken in relevant places (#164)
thinkst/canarytools-docs: docs/incidents/actions.md

      - name: node_id
        required: false
        type: string

>         description: Acknowledge incidents for a valid Canary or Canarytoken node_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: Acknowledge incidents associated with a valid Canary or Canarytoken node_id
```

      - name: node_id
        required: false
        type: string

>         description: Delete incidents for a valid Canary or Canarytoken node_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: Delete incidents associated with a valid Canary or Canarytoken node_id
```

      - name: node_id
        required: false
        type: string

>         description: Unacknowledge incidents for a valid Canary or Canarytoken node_id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        description: Unacknowledge incidents associated with a valid Canary or Canarytoken node_id
```
